hi this is alia and welcome back to
cookingwithalia the show that brings to
you the flavors of Morocco as you can
see we have a new kitchen here it's
because I moved to Seoul Korea and you
can follow all my adventures in cooking
really a Putnam style series the new
series of there however it doesn't mean
that the cooking of the Lea videos are
going to stop because we're going to
continue today I'm going to show you a
dish that's very popular in Morocco
especially the north of Morocco and it's
been a habit in Spain and I've had it in
Seoul Korea and our rice is fried squid
or we call fried calamari squid
apparently it is very very popular in
Korea you can find it everywhere and
it's very cheap so basically I got two
of these for like three dollars it's
really really cheap so I'm going to show
you how to clean the squid how to quit
cutting it mix and have to fry it
Moroccan style so let's start first let
me show you how to cut the discs wait so
here is my scoot here right below the
eyes I'm going to cut this portion you
can see there is something here just
squeeze it and remove this you don't
want this you don't need it this is
basically the squid peak so this food is
like a bird it has a beak see so we're
throwing this and we're keeping these
tentacles but with the tentacles you see
these little things here if you touch
them they're like actually plasticky and
because they suck um so you want to
scrape these off like this let's give
them a little scrape as Neagle you can
also just do it with your hands you can
go like this and they moved so now that
the tentacles are clean I'm just going
to keep them here so we use them here
you have the head I would just pull the
head and pull everything that comes with
it so I pulled the head will go to throw
it and then you will see things that are
inside it's kind of disgusting but
anyway just take it away
so obviously don't want and it also has
cartilage you're going to feel cartilage
here so just flip it kind of comes easy
see all this cartilage here it's coming
up okay now that we clean the inside you
see the wings these two wings here I'm
just going to cut them since I want to
cut it into our links I don't want the
wings and here it just came out so we
have them right here
finally the question is to peel or not
to peel I want to peel it's more tender
when you peel the squid and special
image right so for peeling just find a
place where the skin is ripped and you
kind of feel it like an onion it's kind
of easy just like pull this pin this way
see so see this skin you just pull it
keep pulling it till like you take it
out so here my squid is ready I mean if
not all this thing has to go away but
most of the skin is out and all we have
to do is clean it in a little bit of
water this make sure everything is
inside is clean here one last piece of
cartilage so make sure everything is
clean and that it's very very soft so
there's no cartilage you can move it
around like this it's fine and all I
have to do now is cut it in rings like
this right and that's what we're going
to batter and fry
and here my script is ready the calamari
is ready as you can see we have our
calamari rings here and now here comes
the trick I'm going to soak them in milk
and try to soak them for at least half
an hour if you can keep them there for a
couple of hours it's even better but at
least half an hour because it's going to
make them really tender another trick
that people do in maracas is it put them
in EMS which is basically club soda
I never tried to club soda one but the
milk works so hey feel free to use the
club there as well and so that's it you
cover it and then you let it soak in the
milk for these half an hour in the
fridge and then we're going to fry them
to further Calamari's we first need to
cover them with flour so I just have
all-purpose flour I'm going to use a
little bit of salt and pepper just keep
it simple and then it can mix it
together if you want to have more
flavors in your calamari you can use
powdered garlic or dried herbs or
whatever you like I like them to be
simple with a little bit of lemon in it
escape so now we're ready to start
frying
first remove as I fell my rings from the
milk and put them in a paper towel
and we're going to basically take away
all the moistures like this we're going
to put them in the flower just like this
until they're covered with flour make
sure to vest off the excess flour like
this just shake them a little bit this
way you don't have like clones of flour
or you're frightened heat vegetable oil
in your pan and it has to be really hot
before we start frying and the way you
test this is it has to sizzle when you
touch it with one of the calamari see
this is ready
so this is enough is it good
this is good as well it goes really
quick when the oil is hot you have to
reduce the temperature so it doesn't
splash and then keep frying them so this
one is good the test has to be like
golden and that's all you need place the
calamari rings on a place cover with
paper towels wood absorbs any excess oil
and that's it so the most secrets make
sure that oil is hot make sure it covers
the calamari and don't coat them too
much wheat flour otherwise they get like
this thick coating this is so much
better and believe me it's so tasty you
don't have to believe me I'm going to
try it right now
so you serve it immediately hot with a
little bit of lemon then you squeeze a
little lemon over young you can also put
a little bit of pepper on top if you
want and check this out hold on see how
soft this is delicious it reminds me
whenever in Morocco we go to the beach
and come home and then we find this
waiting for us for lunch so this is my
lunch today see you next time gravity
you